Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hi. babe.
Dinner's almost ready.
Wha... What...
Where... Where am I?
How did I get here?
Where's... my phone?
Where's my phone?
Where are my glasses?
Shh. shh. shh.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Calm down.
Hi. Isaac.
You're late.
And you broke the
Freezy machine.
It's on the fritz!
I haven't touched it.
Yeah. you did.
If you hadn't. it wouldn't be
on the fritz. now. would it?
Okay. I'll take a look.
Hey.
Let's checky-check that
gloomy mug at the door. huh?
Better not be greeting
my customers
with that sad-sack shit.
You smell like... failure.
After you're done
with the Freezy machine.
clean up whatever happened
in the bathroom. okay?
Devereaux!
I'm watching you.
[man] I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. sorry.
Hold on.
Shh. It's okay.
It's okay. Shh.
Hold on.
Ch-Charlie? Charlie?
Hi. beautiful.
I'm gonna
give you another chance
to remember
what we are together.
♪ I go out walkin' ♪
♪ After midnight...  ♪
Stop.
How long have you
been filming me?
None of your
business. Keep going.
No.
Okay. Taste-test the sauce.
and if it's the best Bolognese
you've ever had.
you give me a song.
Okay.
You are gonna love this.
Okay. All right.
Oh. my G... Ah.
Right?
I don't know.
maybe a little
too much tarragon.
What?
You owe me a song.
You're right.
It's amazing again.
♪ I go out walkin' ♪
Untie me. Charlie.
♪ After midnight ♪
Untie me.
♪ Searching for you  ♪
-  Please.
- Nah.
Charlie. what are you
even trying to do?
I decided to forgive you
for humiliating me.
Breaking up with me days after
my father threw me
off the board was
revealing of
your character.
Now. I know I used a little
too much tarragon last time.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
There you go.
Hi. As I was saying.
I. uh. know I used a little
too much tarragon last time.
but. uh. this time.
I practiced restraint.
What is wrong with you?
Might be the best batch yet.
Seriously?
Please?
Mm-mm.
Come on. Come here.
Oh. no. no.
Open.
There you go.
You should know I'm not willing
to live the rest of my life
wondering what your life
is like without me.
What?
The only way...
that I can move on...
You know. I hated
my father's hunting trips.
Every year. being dragged
to some English countryside
to trudge acres
of dreary terrain.
But...
I grew an admiration
for hunters.
The patience and precision
it takes to make a kill.
Please.
Even though taking a life
at a distance lacks...
a level of intimacy.
don't you think?
I mean. the butchering
process comes close
if you do it right away.
Mm-hmm.
To stick your hands
in between the warmth of
another creature's organs.
I only know one other time
I've ever been inside
another's body.
Please.
Oh.
No.
I wouldn't end you
with such a barbaric tool.
No.
This is for after.
Because we both know
the most intimate way
to end a life requires...
...skin to skin.
heartbeat...
...to heartbeat...
...touch.
You can still change your mind
and sing for me.
Come on. Sing for me.
I can't.
Sing for me!
Yeah.
Yeah. okay. Yeah. I'm sorry.
I just. uh...
I'm still a little woozy
from whatever
you gave me.
Um. could I have my glasses. please?
Please?
Can I see you?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry for leaving
when things
were hard. I...
And you-you didn't tell me why.
I did.
No. you-you didn't.
You just left.
Okay. You're right.
And I'm sorry.
I've just been so stressed with
work at the hospital. you know?
But. um. maybe if-if we talk.
if we go to therapy.
I mean. yeah. that's-that's...
that's all I want.
Okay. okay. Yeah.
Yeah. willing to try.
It's been really hard for me.
I know.
I know. Charlie.
Um. can I please look at you
in the eyes?
Please?
Here.
Thank you.
I just want to see you.
you know?
Will you sing for me?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Shit. shit. shit. shit.
shit. shit. shit.
No. no. you make the caterers
get to the boat
two hours before the guests.
No later.
Gas grades aren't clear.
They're not clear?
They're not clear.
I just pumped 87 into my Beemer
because the markings are all
fucked-up and faded.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
This is more
than an inconvenience.
That is a European
luxury vehicle over there.
It should only
sip 91 gas.
I want a full refund.
The gas is already in your car.
That is because
you are not running
a professional
business establishment.
I'm sorry. ma'am.
I can't give you a refund
for wrongly pumped gas.
"Wrongly pumped gas"?
That's what you're going with?
What is that smell?
Oh. my God.
This place is
fucking disgusting.
There is no way
this place is up to code.
I am calling the
Better Business Bureau.
I'm gonna have this redneck
shithole place shut down.
What'd you say your name was?
I'll give you a refund.
That's what I thought.
It's gonna take
two to three business days.
"Two to three business days."
With an attitude like that.
that's gonna
get you a one-way ticket
to fucking nowhere.
Is it okay if I just...
Few of these? Oh. and...
Oh. no. no. No. no. no. no. no.
Please.
Okay.
Oh. shit.
Come on. come on.
Emily!
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Please pick up. Please pick up.
Please. Please pick--
911. What is your emergency?
Oh. thank God.
Okay. my name is Emily Kasahara.
I've been drugged and kidnapped
by my ex. Charlie Bellwick.
I don't know where I am.
but I'm somewhere in the forest.
and I can't see anything
because I broke my glasses.
Okay. Where is
the kidnapper now?
I don't know. but I heard him
yell my name. so he's close.
Okay. Well. we're gonna
figure out where you are
and get you help ASAP.
Are location services
enabled on your phone?
No. I thought that
he was using them
to track me.
so I turned them off.
That's okay.
I have your number. so we can
work with your carrier
to determine your location.
Okay. How long until
the police get here?
I won't know until we locate
your exact position.
but it can take up to an hour
to work with your carrier
and local dispatch.
What?
Can't you go any faster?
We'll go as fast as we can. Emily.
Okay. well.
I can't see anything.
Could you video-call me
and guide me to somewhere safe?
Unfortunately. we do not have
video capabilities.
and it's against regulations
to use our personal devices.
Against regulations?
Are you kidding me?
I'm about to get killed.
Emily. can you feel around
for a hiding place?
I can't stay in one place.
or he's gonna find--
Okay.
Oh... oh. no. No. no. no.
No.
No. no. no. No.
Please. please work.
Please. please. please.
Okay.
Um...
Uh...
Hello?
Who is this?
It's Sam. Who's this?
Are you 911?
No. Uh...
Oh. sh-- I'm... I think...
I think maybe I. um.
accidentally dialed you earlier.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
What?
Shh!
Hello?
Oh. my God.
I think it was an animal.
I'm gonna go.
No. no. no. no. Wait.
Wait. Can...
Can you do video calls. Sam?
Uh. yeah. Why?
Okay. Listen.
My name is Emily.
and I have been kidnapped.
I can't see anything
because I broke my glasses.
and all that I know is that
I am in the woods somewhere
and my ex is coming to kill me.
What?
Look. I just...
I need you to be my eyes for me.
C-Can you... can you do that?
Is this a scam or something?
'Cause--
No. I promise you
that this is very real.
If I can't get away from him.
he's going to kill me.
I don't--
Look. I know that this sounds
like nonsense. but please.
Please. will you call me back?
Why-why don't I call 911
for you?
Because I already called them.
and their fucking regulations
won't let them video-call me.
They're working to find
my location. but. um.
it's gonna take a while.
so I just... I have to--
I-I don't think that--
My phone screen is
really broken.
If you hang up.
I don't know if I'm gonna
be able to make another call.
I-I don't think I'm the person
to do this for you. I--
All you need to do is be
my eyes for me. That's it.
Please.
Look. I need to keep running.
I need to.
and I can't do it alone.
If I don't...
If I don't. I--
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay. thank you.
So. um.
just-just video-call me back.
Yeah. Uh. I-I'm...
I'm gonna hang up now.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay.
Damn it.
Oh. thank God. I got worried.
Sorry. I. um.
just needed a second.
All right. I need
to figure out
which way to go.
so can you tell me what you see?
Trees. Yeah. Trees. You're
in a forest.
Okay. Uh. is there
a clearing in any direction?
Uh. uh. yeah. uh.
to your left.
Uh. maybe it'll be faster
without the trees.
Great. All right. now.
I need you to look behind me
and make sure he's not there.
okay?
Okay. Uh...
Wait. Stop.
What was it?
I thought I saw something move.
I-I guess it was nothing.
It was nothing.
It's just. um...
Okay. um. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I. um... I should... I should...
I should probably call
someone else for you.
because I just... I just can't.
I can't.
No. You're doing great.
Sam. I'm gonna need you to take
a deep breath for me. okay?
In... and out.
Look. I-I know
that this is a lot.
but it's a miracle I got you.
Miracle?
Yes.
A miracle.
Okay.
Can you do another 360?
Yes. I can.
Which way. Sam? Which way?
Okay. stop.
The clearing's to your right.
Right. Okay. Any obstructions?
Um. yeah. there's a-a tree.
Step to your left.
Good?
Uh. yeah. Yeah.
Okay. you're at the field now.
Great. What do you see?
Is there a house?
Um. a landmark?
- A road anywhere?
- Uh...
Um... stop.
I think I see a-a path
across the field.
Great. Okay. let's go. Let's go.
Um. there hasn't been
any sign of him
for a while.
which is good. but. um...
I'll keep doing 360s in case.
and if you see him.
you just have to
give me a shout. okay.
and I'll just start running.
Oh. it sparkles.
And just make sure that
I don't trip on anything.
Hey. um. are you sure I can't
call. uh. family or friend.
have them
call you back?
What?
No. I haven't memorized
a number since middle school.
Uh. it's just I'm at work.
and-and I am...
I'm so not good under stress. like...
Can you see your
own hands. Sam?
Yeah.
Then you are
better-equipped than me.
Right. uh--
Please. listen. Um...
God. I'm so jealous.
Uh. I-I've had shit eyes
since I was a kid.
Do you know what they
used to called me back then?
Four Eyes?
Nope. They would scream
"Missu Golightulee" at me.
What's that?
Bullshit in
Breakfast at Tiffany's.
You never saw it?
White actor in yellow face
with the taped-back eyes
and. lucky for me. glasses.
Yeah. yeah. I saw
clips on YouTube.
It's-it's horrible.
Yeah. I begged my mom for LASIK.
but I was too young.
Then when I got older.
I chose not to get it.
thinking that
people would take me
more seriously as a doctor
if I had glasses on.
Pretty stupid decision
in hindsight. huh?
You know. when
I was little.
the kids playing
Power Rangers.
they would make me
be Rita Repulsa.
Oh. wait. is that
the evil lady with the staff?
Yeah. and the nickname stuck
all the way through high school.
Repulsa was written all
over my senior yearbook.
God. kids can be such shit.
Yeah.
But hey. uh.
Rita was. like. a...
a badass space witch. right?
Yeah. I guess.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Let's just. uh...
Are we near the path yet?
Oh. no.
What?
I'm so sorry. Emily.
What is it?
It's not a path.
It's just a fallen tree.
Oh. my God. I'm-I'm so sorry.
How could I have thought
that that was a path?
What is... what is wrong
with me? I'm so sorry.
Nothing is wrong with you.
Okay? It's fine.
Let's just keep going.
Okay. but what if... what if I
missed sending you a better way?
You didn't lead me back
to the cabin. did you?
No. no. but I--
Hey. it's okay.
What is it?
My wrists are. uh. zip-tied.
and I'm losing circulation.
I got to get 'em off.
Zip-tied? Oh. my God.
And I didn't...
I didn't even realize.
Okay. Uh. hold on.
Let me see.
Okay. I'm gonna stop for
a sec here. so you just have to
check behind me to make sure
that he's not here. okay?
Oh. no.
What?
Is he there?
Did you see him?
What? Oh. no.
No. it's just my-my battery's
low. but don't worry.
Okay? I have a charger.
Jesus. You scared me.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
My phone was fully charged
when I left for my run
this morning.
but I have no idea
how much I have left now.
Damn it.
Maybe if you find me.
like. a rock or something.
I could. uh...
Is that Russian?
Uh. I think so. It's a video.
I never imagined
getting murdered
would feel so absurd.
Hey. okay?
No one is getting
murdered today.
Now. Sergei says
you need to use your teeth
to tighten the zip ties.
Sergei says tighten 'em?
Yeah. The tighter they are.
the easier they'll snap.
Now. bring your hands
down to your knee
as you bring
your knee up.
You should probably
put the phone down.
Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
Ready?
One. Two. Three.
Emily?
Hold on. Hold on.
Are you okay?
I will be.
as long as he didn't hear me.
Did the ties come off?
Yep.
Yes! Sergei for the win.
Hey. but are-are you okay?
Uh. it cut me up. but there are
no major blood vessels here.
so we're good.
Oh. no. You sure it's okay?
Yep. Perks of being
an ER doctor.
Okay.
Okay. let's go.
Do you see anything else
around here
that looks promising?
I don't know.
I-I don't... It just...
It all... it all looks the same.
Hey. Uh. if you got
lost in the woods
on one of your hunting trips.
what would you do?
I wouldn't get lost.
Yeah. but if you did.
Hey. we-we got to go. Come on.
One sec. Uh--
Wouldn't happen.
Right. but just...
just humor me. dude.
I guess my best
bet would be
to find a stream. river.
Chances are it'll lead
me to civilization.
if there's any around.
Okay.
In my belly.
Hello?
One sec.
Four sixty-five.
Four sixty-five for a dog?
That's highway robbery.
Someone might've left
their card.
Keep the change.
Please don't come back.
What?
Okay. did you hear that?
About the water?
Yeah. I heard. but. uh.
I left my divining rod at home.
How do we find a stream. Sam?
Hold on.
Okay. it says that birds
can lead you to water.
That. uh.
"in the evenings especially.
following the flight path
of birds could lead you to H2O."
Wait. I heard a flock of birds
fly above me a few minutes ago.
Okay. great.
Uh. which way did they go?
I think it's this way.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay.
Can you do another 360?
No sign of him.
I think we might be safe
for a little bit.
Just keep-keep walking. okay?
Damn.
It's starting
to get chilly.
Where are you?
It's lukewarm and humid here.
You want
to trade? Yeah.
Come on over. Sam.
Take my place.
Um. I'm in Michigan. I-I think.
Unless he crossed state lines.
Where are you?
Uh. Florida.
Oh. man.
- Florida. beaches.
- Shit.
Do you live
near the ocean?
No. uh. Tallahassee is a
few hours from the ocean.
Used to. though.
Uh. Jacksonville's a couple
minutes from the water.
I loved it.
Why did you move away?
A lot of things.
Yeah.
I can't believe
you're a doctor.
You look so young.
Yeah. it's the bane
of my existence. Sam.
Even interns make
Doogie Howser jokes at me.
Oh. God. I'm sorry.
Oh. it's okay.
When I'm 70. I'll look 40.
and no one will
force me to retire.
Can I. um... can I
ask you a question?
Sure.
What pushed you
to be a doctor?
My mom is an ER nurse.
and she worked crazy hours. too.
So when I was little.
I made this vow
that I'd become a doctor
so that I could be
in the hospital. too.
and we could spend
more time together.
It didn't exactly turn out
that way. but. uh.
now I just...
I want to work really hard
so that I can give her
an easier life. you know?
That's really nice.
Yeah. uh. but...
you know. she...
she hates flying alone. and...
and she kept asking me when I'd
be able to take time off work
so that I could go with her
to visit my grandma in Japan.
But I never did.
I never did. and. uh...
You know. it's. like.
the only thing that my mom.
like. ever asked of me ever.
and now...
I don't know...
I don't know if I'm gonna. uh...
No. Okay? No.
Um. you're...
you're gonna buy tickets
just as soon as you get back.
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. no. of course.
You said you were a cashier?
Yeah. yeah. at this-this
really weird
gator-themed gas station.
It's a dream career.
Hey. well.
at least it's--
No. Uh-uh.
No. don't try and make it
something it's not.
Okay? It's what was available.
Well. they need cashiers everywhere.
You could go back
to Jacksonville.
work at a gas station
near the beach.
Uh. yeah. yeah.
I just. um.
got to take care
of a few things first.
How long have you worked there?
Um. few years.
I. uh... I moved back
to help my mom.
And then she had
some health issues.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Well. how's she doing now?
She's not. She...
She passed. so...
Oh. I'm so sorry. Sam.
But hey. you know.
that-that is admirable
that you stopped your life
to help her. I mean.
I'm sure she's really grateful
that you were there for her.
you know?
Yeah.
Maybe. yeah.
Wait. Do you hear that?
I hear water.
Can you see anything?
Uh. not yet.
Just keep going. okay?
Okay.
Well. I found a lot of water
but not the kind
we're looking for.
All right.
See anything?
Uh. not yet.
Wait. wait.
I see it. Okay. there's...
There's a river down below.
Oh. great work. Sam. Yes. Okay.
All right.
let's get me down there.
Okay.
Hey. oh. um. careful.
It's a drop-off.
Um. let's just find
an easier spot.
uh. for you
to climb down.
Okay. okay.
Tell me when
you see something. okay?
Son of a bitch.
What?
No. no. no. no. no.
Sam. Sam. is it still too steep?
Hey. Sam. Sam.
is it still too steep here?
Um. just-just hold on. okay?
Just--
Yeah?
Um. shit.
Just hold on one second. okay?
Ah. shit!
Shit.
Emily. are you there?
Emily. I can't see you.
Emily. are you okay?
Oh. God.
Ah. shit.
Thank God. I can't see you.
I have my earbud.
but I dropped my phone.
Where are you?
Okay. Okay.
Where are you. Sam?
Um. I'm...
I'm looking away from the river.
uh. towards the forest.
Okay. um... God. I'm sorry.
Okay. I was distracted. Okay.
I think I'm going away
from the river. Hold on.
Stay.
Do you
see me yet?
No. not yet.
Can you see any movement?
No.
I think I see
some grass or. um...
There's a forest.
I don't quite know.
No. come on.
Maybe if I just...
Okay.
Wait.
I hear an engine.
That's great. That's great.
Okay. let's go find 'em.
I think he's here.
Oh. no.
Oh. no. no. no. no. I see him.
You're okay.
To your left. to your left.
Yeah. right there.
No. Shh. shh. shh.
♪ I go out walkin' ♪
♪ After midnight ♪
♪ Out in the moonlight ♪
♪ Just hopin' you may be ♪
♪ Somewhere out walkin'  ♪
♪ After midnight...  ♪
Shh.
He's right above you.
♪ Miles along the highway  ♪
♪ Well. that's just my way ♪
♪ Of saying I love you...  ♪
♪ Searching for you... ♪
♪ I go out walkin'
After midnight... ♪
Okay. he's walking away.
He's walking away.
Okay. he walked past the truck.
Uh. I think that he's just.
like. going into the woods.
Um. I think it's safe
to just-just go-go...
go straight in front of you.
Okay? Go straight
in front of you.
and then reach out. okay?
♪ Of saying I love you ♪
♪ I'm always walkin' ♪
♪ After midnight ♪
Careful.
♪ Searching for you... ♪
You're almost there.
Now just keep going. okay?
Just keep going.
You're gonna...
you're gonna find me.
Ca-Can you see me?
Uh. yeah. Yeah. yeah. I see you.
Thank God.
God. Emily. I'm so sorry.
Oh. God. I'm so sorry.
It's okay. It's okay. Sam.
But we got to go.
He's still really close
to us. okay?
Okay. so. um... okay.
now go to your-your right
and head downriver. Right.
Yes. Just keep going.
Okay. Okay.
Uh. c-careful.
Careful.
♪ I go out walkin' ♪
♪ After midnight...  ♪
What's... what's that sound?
It's me.
It's a video of me he took
when we were together.
It's playing from his car.
Why?
Oh. that's Charlie for you.
Always fucking theatrical.
♪ I walk for miles ♪
♪ Along the highway  ♪
♪ Well. that's just my way ♪
♪ Of saying I love you...  ♪
Do you see him?
Uh...
No. I don't see him
near the car.
He's gone.
I don't know where he is.
Just head downriver. okay?
That's a good way to go.
No.
What?
We're going back up.
No. just keep going downriver.
Let's go.
Nope. we're gonna get
his car.
What? No. we can't drive a car.
We have to.
Emily!
I'm up. I'm up.
Where's his car?
Are you sure about this? Okay.
He could be back
at-at any minute.
and then we should just
keep heading
downriver. just--
We can't outrun
him. Sam.
Yeah. but there's...
there-there is...
there's no way that I'm gonna
be able to-to help you drive.
You know. just. what if--
Sam. where is his car?
Right.
Go right.
Okay. you're headed
towards the driver's side.
Just keep walking.
Turn left for the door.
Reach out.
Did he leave his key
in the ignition?
Yeah.
Yes! What a fucking fool.
He's here.
He's here. Duck.
Start the engine. Go. Wait.
Is he coming towards us
from the front?
Yeah. yeah. Start the car.
Tell me when he's back
right in front of us.
What? Why?
If something happens. I don't
want him coming after me again.
We have the advantage now.
Let's just...
let's just stop him for good.
What are you gonna do? Are you
gonna try and run him over?
No. let's just go. okay?
Tell me when he's here.
Oh. my God. Emily.
Is he there?
Not yet.
Now?
No.
Now!
Oh. my God. you got him!
Yes!
Wait. Stop. Brake! Brake!
Emily!
Emily. are you okay?
Hello?
We got him. right?
Yeah. Yeah. Are you okay?
I mean. I'm alive.
Nothing's
- fractured.
- Okay.
Where are you?
Uh. uh. it flew onto the floor.
To your right. To your right.
Did we kill him?
I don't know.
Here. look.
I can't see him.
I can't... I... Let's go.
Emily!
Okay. okay.
We got to go.
Sam.
It-it's stuck. Sam.
It's... Fuck. it's stuck!
Shit!
What's stuck?
Sam. the car. the car is stuck.
What do we do?
Oh. no.
Shit. I don't know.
What-what's going on?
Sam. do you see anything sharp?
Uh...
No?
Uh. no.
How about here?
Uh...
I don't... I don't see anything.
Oh. wait. there.
There's. uh. a piece of mirror
on the ground.
Tell me when you see it.
It's right there.
right in front of you.
Reach out. Be careful.
Careful. it's sharp.
You got it?
Yeah.
Why-why... What are you--
Do you see him?
Um... um...
Uh. uh...
Just keep going around the car.
Do you see him now?
He's there.
There. on your left.
Um. he's on the ground.
Direct me to him. Sam.
Emily. what are you doing?
Let's go. okay?
Just go.
I need to know
if he's dead.
He's still breathing.
Okay.
I'm gonna end this now.
Emily. what are you doing?
You have no idea what this man
has put me through. Sam.
Emily. this isn't you. okay?
No. I don't... I don't know.
but let's just go. okay?
If he just left me alone.
none of this would've happened.
No. but don't do it. Emily.
Whatever you do.
don't do it. Just...
I can get you out of here.
I got you. okay?
Let's just get out of here. Emily...
Emily. he's moving. Please.
Emily. Emily.
Emily. please. Emily.
Emily. he's moving. Please!
Okay.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You're right.
But I'm keeping this
just in case. okay?
Okay. Okay. Now...
Which way? Which way?
Um. uh. let me see.
Okay. let's. um...
T-To your right. okay?
Just keep going straight.
It's clear for a while.
We'll just... we'll walk
above the river.
okay?
Okay.
He looked really hurt.
We're safe for now.
Just keep going.
Okay.
Fuck.
Oh. fuck.
What did you say?
Emily. uh...
Emily. I'm gonna have to. uh...
What?
Ah. shit.
Uh. I'm gonna have to start
making some calls.
To do... to do what. Sam?
To find another phone.
I broke mine.
I can't charge it anymore.
What do you mean.
you broke your phone?
It snapped. I--
When?
Earlier. You fell. and then he--
So. why didn't you
tell me earlier?
Why didn't you tell me
when I fell?
Emily. the charger
broke off on the phone.
and now it-it's stuck. okay?
How could that even happen?
I... I don't know. Oh.
Oh. shit. there's a stump.
Step.
Okay.
Is there somebody at your work
who can lend you a phone?
Uh. no. No. I'm alone.
A friend that can bring
you one?
Shit. No. let me think.
Let me think. Let me think.
Oh. fuck.
Um...
No. no.
♪ She'll put you
Under her spell ♪
♪ 'Cause she's
Batshit crazy...♪
Shit.
♪ She'll send you
Straight to hell... ♪
Shit.
Hey. uh. Emily.
Okay. quick.
give me your number.
Did you get a phone?
I will in a sec.
okay. but if my phone dies.
I need your number. Okay.
Eight. one. zero.
one. four. seven.
zero. one. eight. five.
Eight. five. Okay.
All right. Got it.
Okay. My eyes might
have to leave you
for a second. okay.
so be careful.
I'm gonna try and borrow
this woman's phone.
Oh. no. Sam. Sam.
What?
Sam. I hear footsteps.
He's already caught up.
No. Already? Okay. show me.
No. Not the '98.
He was saving that
for the mayor's gala.
The '03 Château Margaux.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Hey. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
You were so rude earlier
that I left my Amex.
Um. just give me a moment. okay?
Absolutely not.
I am missing my
fête de yacht
because of you. because
of how rude you were.
You probably don't speak French.
but that means "yacht party."
Okay. just give me
one second. okay?
There is a woman
who is about to get murdered.
What kind of crack
are you smoking?
Shit!
Shit. Emily! He's headed
straight for you. okay?
Turn around! Go! Go!
He has a gun!
Which way?
He's headed straight
for you!
Excuse me.
Turn around!
Turn around! Go!
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Go! He's got a gun. Emily!
Straight. Straight. Yeah. stop.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me. I'm standing
in front of you.
I'm a customer.
A paying customer.
No. No. no. No. no.
No!
What could be
more important
than what-- Hey!
No! Emily. no!
Sam?
Sam. Sam. Sam.
Excuse me.
Hey. Go get my card.
Hey. Can-can-can I use
your phone. please?
You think I'm gonna
let you touch this? Ew. No.
Please. There...
there is a woman.
I answered her call today--
All of this. I don't
give a shit about. okay?
Just scurry back into your
cage and get me my card.
What now?
Please.
Go.
Well. just slow down.
Oh. that...
that is bullshit.
Oh. fuck wind speed.
You tell that driver
he is not weaseling out of this
just to keep our deposit.
You're a...
Do you know what that means?
That's "shithead" in French.
Cut off some of
the Williams Sonoma cheese.
but don't eat any
until I get back.
I'll be there in ten.
Little bitch! Fucking...
Okay.
Fucking trailer trash cunt!
Give that back to me now!
Eat all the Williams Sonoma
cheese you want.
You know. in the wild.
there are these. uh.
pack hunters.
Animals that rely
on others to live.
But. you see.
I have always seen myself--
Shut up!
Shut the fuck up!
I am so sick of your blah.
blah. blah. blah. blah.
blah. blah. blah!
No one wants
to hear you talk. Charlie.
I mean. you think
of yourself as
this modern-day
alpha male philosopher?
Well. you're
just a spoiled.
rich trust-fund kid
that parrots back bad TED Talks.
Yeah! They're bad!
I called 911.
They have your name.
They're tracking
my location.
and they're on their way
right now.
What. are you still gonna
go through with this?
You're gonna get
caught. Charlie.
Sure.
But there's a difference
between getting caught
and being convicted.
You don't get to do this to me
and get away with it.
Now. what do you have
to say for yourself?
I don't care. Charlie.
I don't care.
Kill me if you want. but you.
you do not get to murder me
and play the victim.
I am the victim.
Are you kidding me?
No. the victim
of your abandonment.
Neglect.
My--
After I gave you everything.
The romantic surprises.
the trips.
the emotional support.
Are you forgetting the jealousy?
Are you forgetting
the stalking?
The holes in my wall?
The bruises?
Well. you pushed me there.
Look. how am I supposed to feel
when you would rather spend
100-hour weeks
with disgusting sick people
than with me?
But you're so addicted
to the validation
that you get at work--
I am not.
What you will never understand. Charlie.
is that some people do things
for other things
besides validation.
I work my fucking ass off
so that my mom
can have a better life.
Your mom?
It's not for your mom!
God. how many times
did I see you ignore her calls?
You see. the truth is. Em--
Do not call me that.
You've convinced yourself
that you work so much
to be a good daughter.
but it actually makes you
a fucking horrible one.
A horrible daughter
and a completely neglectful
partner to me.
This is what you do. Charlie.
You find what hurts in people.
and then... and then...
and then you use it
like a weapon.
Doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Stop.
No! Stop!
Fuck!
Hey. fuck. I want my fucking
phone back. you bitch.
For the last time.
it's an emergency.
Whose fucking emergency is it?
It's not my emergency.
My emergency is that
you took my fucking phone!
I'm not afraid of you.
All right.
You want a fucking war?
You got one.
You better start
fucking praying.
Okay.
Fuck. I thought
it was in this one.
No. no. no. no. no.
Nobody does this to me.
Where are you. you gator fuck?
Come out. come out.
You hiding from me?
Shit. Shit.
Got a little surprise
for you. Okay.
Don't shoot. okay?
I can't afford to get shot.
I don't have insurance.
You deserve a bullet for putting
your filthy hands on my phone.
That case costs more
than you make in a year.
It's 24-karat gold.
Now. hand it over.
Okay.
Now!
No. not on the f--
You fuck!
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
What? What does it say?
Call Hubby Wubby.
Fuck. Okay.
We're sorry.
Your call cannot
be completed. Okay.
Eight. one. zero.
one. four. seven.
zero. one. five. five.
Okay. Uh...
Man. what the hell? Okay. um...
Three. eight. Three. eight.
Okay. Okay.
Call. Okay.
Yello?
Seriously?
Eight. five.
Please. please. please. please.
please. please. please.
Emily?
Sam?
You found a phone.
Thank God.
Are you okay?
Not great.
I lost my earbud.
Um. can you get up?
Okay. we got to go.
We got to do the 360. okay?
It's dark.
Now we both can't see.
Yeah. I can... I can...
I can still spot his flashlight.
though. right?
I'm just gonna lay here
until he finds me.
No. your phone.
it has a flashlight.
I can walk you through.
uh. turning it on. okay?
You're just gonna--
That would just make it
easier for him to spot me.
Okay. Okay.
So. um... so. what
are we gonna do?
Hey.
- Sam?
- Yeah?
None of this is
your fault. okay?
I asked you to do
a pretty impossible thing.
And I'm sorry.
No. Emily. No. no. no.
no. you can't. okay?
I need you to call
someone for me.
Can you do that. Sam?
No. No. let's just...
Let's keep going. right?
Let's keep going.
Call the landline
and put it on speaker.
No. let's just go.
Okay? Let's just go.
The number is...
eight. one. zero.
one. two. six.
zero. one. nine. seven.
Hey. I thought you hadn't
memorized any numbers
since middle school.
Yeah. well.
sometimes it's easier
to show a stranger
how much you fucked up.
Please...
don't make me ask you again.
Hello?
Hi. Mom.
Em. what's this number
you're calling from?
My friend's phone.
Is everything okay?
I'm sorry.
For what?
I...
You were right.
and I should've listened to you.
and I'm... I'm sorry
that I got mad at you.
What has he done to you?
Deep down. I think that I knew
that you were right.
but I indulged anyway.
Em. where are you?
I'm sorry that
I didn't come see you more.
That I didn't take off work.
I always made excuses.
I'm going to come get you.
Just tell me where you are.
I love you so much. Mom.
Tell me where you are. Em.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for...
for making me strong.
and I'm sorry.
Emily. tell me what's going on.
This is probably the last time
that we're gonna...
A light.
Emily.
Emily. there's a light.
A light went on behind you.
okay?
It could be a house.
Em. what's happening?
We can get to it. It's not far.
I don't know.
Just get up. okay?
Just get up.
I can barely stand now. Sam.
Emily.
You know how...
You know how you said
that you're sure...
you're so sure
that my mom was happy
I was there with her
when she passed?
Yeah.
I wasn't there.
Okay. I needed...
I needed a break.
I needed a break from her
and from her sickness.
and so I went out
and I got drunk.
and I left and...
By the time
I got back home. I...
Shit.
I left her. and she...
died. okay?
And I wanted
to leave you tonight. too.
so bad. okay?
I was... scared.
But you. you asked me to stay.
Okay? So I stayed. right?
And now what? What?
You're just gonna...
you're gonna give up?
No. no.
No. you are not allowed. okay?
You. you are not allowed
to give up.
Em. who is that?
It's Sam. Mom.
Who's Sam?
She's my friend.
Oh. Then listen to Sam.
Goddamn it. get up. Em. get up!
Just get up.
I can't.
Get up.
Emily.
you can do it.
He's gonna find me
no matter what I do.
He's gonna...
he's gonna find me.
No. no.
Emily. I'm not gonna leave you.
Just get up.
Come on. honey.
Get up.
Okay. you just...
you just have to get up.
Okay? I am right here.
I didn't leave.
I'm right here.
Okay? Go. Just get up.
Just get up. please.
Is there really a light?
Yes. yes. yes.
You can
do this. okay?
Listen to your friend.
She's gonna help you.
Just come home.
I think maybe I see it.
It's there. Okay. trust me.
Okay.
Okay. Sam.
Lead me to the light.
Yes! Honey. go.
You can do it.
Sam?
Yeah. we're almost there.
Just keep going.
I see it. Right up ahead.
What is it?
It's a barn.
Okay. let's see if there's
a house nearby. Scan.
Okay.
Shit.
I see his flashlight.
Turn around.
Get in the barn.
Straight. It's in front of you.
All right. what do you see?
I need a weapon.
Uh. I see hay. shelves.
some-some sort of chemicals.
um. uh. uh. stairs going up.
What. no pitchfork? Axe? Gun?
No. No. not yet.
God. What else is there?
What is that?
What the fuck?
Sam. what's wrong?
Sam.
He's close.
What are we gonna do?
Sam. are you there? Hello?
Shit.
Okay. You need to hide. Okay.
All right. which way?
Anything look good?
Um. go to your...
go to your right.
Your right. behind that shelf.
Sam? Hello?
Is there anything here?
Hello? Sam.
Holy shit.
What?
Oh. God.
What happened?
Let us in. little bitch.
Go away!
Sam. what is happening
over there?
Open this fucking door!
There-there is a couple here.
and. well. they...
they have guns.
What do you... what do you mean.
they have guns?
I took this woman's phone
to call you. and...
Let us in!
...her and her husband.
well. they are not
happy about it. okay?
You ruined my fête de yacht!
Oh. my God.
You will pay
for that!
Sam. if they have guns.
you have to call the police.
No. no. no. no. I really...
I really did steal the phone.
so. um. you know. if. uh...
if I call the police.
they're gonna come
and they're gonna...
they would take it away
from me.
I need you safe first.
Move back.
Okay. baby.
Oh. shit.
Sam.
What happened? What happened?
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
I just. um...
Uh. why don't you. uh.
keep showing me
the shelves. okay?
Just show me the shelves.
Okay.
Okay. Anything here?
No. no. no. Nothing.
Give me the phone.
Give her the phone back!
Give us the phone!
You want to catch one
right between the eyes?
Give her
the fucking phone back!
Give us the phone!
Look at you.
you fucking ugly piece of shit!
Sam.
What is this?
Uh...
Give me the phone.
Do you hear him. bitch?
Give him the phone!
Give me the phone.
I have an idea.
What in God's green fuck
is going on here?
Hey!
I own this establishment.
you sons of-- Whoa.
Your cunt employee
snagged my new phone.
and I want it back now!
Uh. uh. m-my deepest apologies.
N-N-N-Now! Get up!
Okay. All right.
Yes. ma'am.
She's been nothing
but a nuisance.
I never should've hired her.
Now!
Yes.
Devereaux!
Open up now.
Ready?
I think so.
Devereaux!
Stupid redneck.
You can't even
control one employee?
I'm so sorry. ma'am.
Let's go!
Okay. All right. Hey. Devereaux.
I'm calling the cops.
Your ass is going to jail!
Sometime today.
Come on!
Hello?
I got some trash
that needs taking out.
Sam. he's gonna hear
all the noise coming
from over there.
Hey. ball sack.
let's go!
Sam. you got to stop
the noise.
Open up. Open up now!
You better get in
there right now!
I want this bitch!
Fuck it!
Let's go!
He's gonna hear.
I know. I know. okay?
I got to think.
Motherfucker!
What the...
Come on. asshole.
Okay. okay. okay. Okay.
Get in there.
Okay. Okay. Okay. okay. okay.
Okay.
Okay. okay. Okay.
Yeah. yeah. Okay.
- I can mute myself.
- What?
But-but how will I know
when it's time?
No. no. no. I will send you
a text when he's in the spot.
You'll hear a ping.
But what if he doesn't go
to the spot. Sam?
I can't know what's happening
if you can't talk to me.
Hey. hey. We just
have to trust
that it's gonna work.
But-but-but...
Just. I have to
mute myself. okay?
- No.
- This is gonna work.
It's gonna work. okay?
He is not gonna beat us.
Come on.
get in there!
Open the fuck up!
Sam.
Oh. G--
There you go.
Get in there.
We're coming for you.
That's right!
Come on. come on.
Get him. Emily!
Yes! Yes!
Push him over the edge!
Push him harder! Go!
Yes! Yes. yes. yes. yes!
Push him! Harder! Push him!
No! No!
Emily. Emily.
No!
Emily. no. No. no.
Back here. guys.
That's the bitch.
That's the piece of trash.
Take it out.
Open the door!
No!
Open the door.
Emily!
Emily. use the--
The mirror's in your pocket!
Use the mirror!
Yes!
Emily. you did it!
Emily. you did...
you did it. you did it!
Emily!
Emily. you did it!
Yes.
Sam.
Give it up. Let's go!
Hands up!
Let's see your hands!
She's coming out.
Keep those hands
where we can see 'em.
Get ready to go.
Hey!
Hey.
Oh. wait. Mom. Mom. say hi.
It's Sam.
Hi. Sam.
Hi. Yuko.
Can you please
get Emily
to fold her clothes
a little faster
so we don't miss our flight?
I'm almost done.
Anyway. what's up?
Um. so I wanted to tell you
I'm gonna try
and go back to school.
Hell yes. Sam.
That is what I'm talking about.
Yes!
Yeah. it's. um.
terrifying. but I'm...
I'm excited.
And I was just wondering. um.
could I take you up
on your offer
to help me with my application?
Look over my essay?
Oh. my God. of course.
I would love to.
Yeah. just send it to me
whenever you're ready.
Okay. I will.
Oh. I've been meaning
to ask you.
who were you trying to call
last month. anyway?
I was just trying
to order a pizza. I think.
Pizza? Really?
Wow. Love that a wrong
pizza number saved my life.
Me. too.
Oh. oh. Lyft is here.
Lyft is here.
Okay. we got to go.
Okay. Enjoy your trip.
Thank you. And hey. I am coming
to visit you after. okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'd love that.
Okay. Bye. Bye.
♪ Give them hell ♪
♪ Get your hands off of me ♪
♪ I'll scream so loud  ♪
♪ Your eardrums will
Rattle for days ♪
♪ Of course you'd have a gun ♪
♪ You creep. you wouldn't  ♪
♪ Last in a fight
Any other way ♪
♪ I had so many plans  ♪
♪ And none of them had
Anything to do with you ♪
♪ Gonna fight
With all that I've got♪
♪ Because I have
Nothing else to lose♪
♪ I'm fighting for my life ♪
♪ We are fighting
For our rights♪
♪ Fought so hard.
I was all tied up ♪
♪ Eyes blindfolded
With duct tape♪
♪ Still threw myself
Out the window♪
♪ Because fuck you ♪
♪ You won't get away with it ♪
♪ Give them hell ♪
♪ He had such a handsome
face♪
♪ They said his smile looked
Just like a movie star♪
♪ Don't be a bitch. girls  ♪
♪ Learn to be polite ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what
Will get you far♪
♪ It's such a beautiful
place ♪
♪ How could anything
So horrible happen here?♪
♪ Perfect time to remind you ♪
♪ That this shit happens
All the time everywhere ♪
♪ We're gonna give
them hell!♪
♪ Give them hell ♪